So bury me in memory
His smile’s your rope
So wrap it tight around your throat Where is your boy tonight?
I hope he is a gentleman.
Maybe he won't find out what I know:
you were the last good thing about this part of town. When I say
Two more weeks
My foot is in the door (yeah)
I can't sleep
In the wake of Saturday (Saturday)
Saturday
When these open doors were open-ended
Saturday
When these open doors were open-ended Tonight the headphones will deliver you the words that I can't say
Tonight I'm writing you a million miles away.
Tonight is all about "We miss you" (Miss you)
"We miss you" (Miss you)
Tonight is all about "We miss you, now" Every friend we ever had in common
I will sever the tie, sever the tie with you
You can thank your lucky stars that everything I wish for will never come true
When you go I will forget everything about you but there's a light on in chicago
and i know i should be home
all the colors of the street signs..
they remind me of the pickup truck out in front of your neighbor's house WooOoOo, I want to hate you half as much as I hate myself
But you know that I could crush you with my voice

Stood on my roof and tried to see you forgetting about me
Hide the details I don't want to know a thing Hey Chris, you were our only friend.
And I know this is belated, but we love you back. The calm before the storm set it off (set it off) and the sun burnt out tonight.
A reception less than warm set it off. And the sun burnt out tonight. Whoa, I can't do it by myself And when it all goes to hell, 
will you be able to tell me sorry with a straight face. 
We're only liars, but we're the best (we're the best)
We're only good for the latest trends
We're only good cause you can have almost famous friends
Besides, we've got such good fashion sense Turn off the lights and turn off the shyness
Cause all of our moves make up for the silence
And oh, the way your makeup stains my pillowcase
Like I'll never be the same Dance, dance
We're falling apart to half time
Dance, dance
And these are the lives you love to lead
Dance, this is the way they'd love
If they knew how misery loved me We're going down, down in an earlier round
And, sugar, we're going down swinging
I'll be your number one with a bullet
A loaded God complex, cock it and pull it Drink down that Gin and Kerosene,
And come spit on bridges with me, 
Just to keep us warm.
Light a match to leave me be.
Light a match to leave me be.

Keep quiet,
Nothing comes as easy as you.
Can I lay in your bed all day?
I'll be your best kept secret 
And your biggest mistake.
The hand behind this pen relives a failure every day. And the record won't stop skipping
And the lies just won't stop slipping
And besides my reputation's on the line
We can fake it for the airwaves
Force our smiles, baby, half dead
From comparing myself to everyone else around me I'm sitting out dances on the wall
Trying to forget everything that isn't you
I'm not going home alone
Cause I don't do too well
I'm sitting out dances on the wall
Trying to forget everything that isn't you
I'm not going home alone
Cause I don't do too well on my own Are we growing up or just going down?
It's just a matter of time until we're all found out
Take our tears and put them on ice
Cause I swear I'd burn this city down to show you the light Strike us like matches, cause everyone deserves the flames
We only do it for the scars and stories, not the fame
At least everyone is trying, everyone is shining
Everyone deserves the flames but it's such a shame Douse yourself in cheap perfume it's
So fitting, so fitting of the way you are
You can't cover it up
Can't cover it up
So douse yourself in cheap perfume it's so
So fitting, so fitting of the way you are
You can't cover it up
Can't cover it up, no I don't blame you for being you
But you can't blame me for hating it
So say what are you waiting for?
Kiss her, kiss her
I set my clocks early 'cause I know I'm always late I know this hurts, it was meant to (it was meant to)
Your secret's out and the best part is it isn't even a good one
And it's mind over (you don't don't) matter To the "love", I left my conscience pressed
Between the pages of the Bible in the drawer
"What did it ever do for me" I say (I say, I say, I say)
It never calls me when I'm down
Love never wanted me
But I took it anyway
Put your ear to the speaker
And choose love or sympathy
But never both
Love never wanted me So long live the car crash hearts 
Cry on the couch all the poets come to life 
Fix me in 45 Wouldn't you rather be a widow than a divorcee?
Style your wake for fashion magazines, ohhh.
Widow or a divorcee?
Don't pretend, d-d-d-don't pretend.

We do it in the dark with smiles on our faces.
We're dropped and well concealed in secret places, woah.
We do it in the dark with smiles on our faces.
We're dropped and well concealed in secret places I'm a leading man
And the lies I weave are oh so intricate,
Oh so intricate Me and you
Setting in a honeymoon
If I woke up next to you
If I woke up next to you
Me and you
Setting in a honeymoon
If I woke up next to you
If I woke up next to you So hum hallelujah,
Just off the key of reason
I thought I loved you
It was just how you looked in the light.
A teenage vow in a parking lot
"Till tonight do us part"
I sing the blues and swallow them too And I saw God cry in the reflection of my enemies
And all the lovers with no time for me
And all of the mothers raise their babies
To stay away from me One night and one more time
Thanks for the memories
Even though they weren't so great
"He tastes like you only sweeter, "
One night, yeah, and one more time
Thanks for the memories, thanks for the memories
"See, he tastes like you only sweeter." They say quitters never win
But we walk the plank on a sinking ship
There's a world outside of my front door
That gets off on being down Cut it loose
Watch you work the room
Cut it loose
Watch you work the room
Cut it loose
Watch you work the room 
Cut it loose
Watch you work the room Whoa oh, we're so miserable and stunning
Whoa oh, love songs for the genuinely cunning, whoa-oh Best friends
Ex-friends till the end
Better off as lovers
And not the other way around
Racing through the city
Windows down
In the back of yellow checkered cars When I'm home alone I just dance by myself
And you pull my head so close volume goes with the truth
Signing off "I'm alright in bed but I'm better with a pen"
The kid was alright but it went to his head Case open, case shut,
But you could pay to close it like a casket
Baby boy can't lift his headache head
Isn't it tragic? (Whoaaa-ooo) The truth hurts worse than anything I could bring myself to do to you
The truth hurts worse than anything I could bring myself to do to you
Such a shame 