Light that smoke, that one for giving up on me And one just cause they’ll kill you sooner than my expectations To my favorite liar, to my favorite scar (to my favorite scar): “I could have died with you”
 I hope you choke on those words, that kiss, that bottle- I confess Now ask yourself, yeah, out on the insides, I said I loved you but I lied Let’s play this game called “when you catch fire” I wouldn’t piss to put you out
 Stop burning bridges and drive off of them So I can forget about you On the drive home Joke about the kid you used to see
 And his jealousy
 Breaking hearts has never looked so cool
 As when you wrap your car around a tree
 Your makeup looks so great next to his teeth When I wake up, I'm willing to take my chances on
 the hope I forget
 that you hate him more than you notice
 I wrote this for you (for you, so...)
 You need him
 I could be him
 I could be an accident but I'm still trying.
 That's more than I can say for him.When I wake up, I'm willing to take my chances on
 the hope I forget
 that you hate him more than you notice
 I wrote this for you (for you, so...)
 Someday I'll appreciate in value,
 get off my ass and call you...
 (but for) the meantime I'll sport my
 brand new fashion of waking up with pants on at four in the afternoon. I'm good to go
 And I'm going nowhere fast
 It could be worse
 It could be taking you there with me
 I'm good to go
 But it looks like I'm still on my own
 I'm good to go
 For something golden
 Though the motions I've been going through have failed And I'm coasting on potential towards a wall At a 100 miles an hour Pete and I attacked the laws of Astoria with promise and precision and mess of youthful innocence And I read about the afterlife
 But I never really lived more than an hour (more than an hour) And I read about the afterlife But I never really lived
 And I read about the afterlife
 But I never really lived Landing on a runway in Chicago and I'm grounding all my dreams Of ever really seeing California, because I know what's in between Is something sensual in such non-conventional ways And I can't forget your style or your cynicism Somehow it was like you were the first to listen to everything we said My smile's an open wound without you
 And my hands are tied to pages inked to bring you back I am such a sucker And I'm always the last to know
 My insides are copper
 And I'd kill to make them gold
 Conversation got me here: another night alone in the city So make my bed the grave and shovel dirt onto my sheetsI've seen sinking ships go down with more grace than you my heart is on my sleeve wear it like a bruise or blackeye
 my badge, my witness
 that means that i believed
 every single lie you said
 cause every pane of glass that your pebbles tap negates the pains i went through to avoid you and every little pat on the shoulder for attention fails to mention i still hate you you want apologies girl, you might hold your breath
 until your breathing stops forever, forever the only thing you'll get
 is this curse on your lips:
 i hope they taste of me forever Bury me standing under your window with the cinder block in hand Yeah cause no one will ever feel like this again And if I could move I'm sure it would only be to crawl back to you I must have dragged my guts a block... they were gone by the time we (talked)... I hate the way you say my name like it's something secret My pen is the barrel of the gun. Remind me which side you should be on  My heart ticks in beat with these kids that I grew up with.
 living like life's going out of style.
 And you came to watch us play...like a "Big shot talent,"
 but at the end of the day you know where we come from and where we call home. They'll say it's not worth it.
 So we'll leave this town in ruins.
 living like life's going out of style.
 And you came to watch us play...like a "Big shot talent,"
 but at the end of the day you know those busted lips we take back home. I know you would be there either way.
 I'm so glad it seems like these times will never fade.
 So I'll tell everyone how much this means to me. I sat outside my front window... this story's going somewhere: "He's well hung," and I am hanging up.
 Well there's a song on the radio that says, "Let's get this party started."
 So let's get this party started.
 What you do on your own time's just fine.
 My imagination's much worse, I just never want to know.
 And what meant the world had folded
 Like legs and fingers holding onto what escapes me; What he has: a better kiss that never lasts.
 You said, between your smiles and regrets, "Don't say it's over."
 Dead and gone.
 Dead and gone. This is me standing in the arch of the door hating That look that's on your face that says
 There's another fool like me.
 There's one born every minute.
 There's one born every minute.
 What you do on your own time's just fine.
 My imagination's much worse, I just never want to know.
 What meant the world imploded, inflated then demoted all my oxygen To product gas and suffocated my last chance. I could walk this fine line between elation and success, but we all know which way I'm going to strike the stake between my chest.
 So, "You have to prove yourself".
 You'll have to prove it to me.
 So now you're waiting up for him...
 You're wasting time every time  I can't wake up to these reminders of who I am: A failure at everything... 18 going on extinct.
 I know my place it's nowhere you should roam. I'm holding out and I'm holding on to every letter and every song.
 I pulled myself out of the day we ever had to meet.
 Are you through with me? I'm all ears and I'm all scars to hear you tell me "Boy's like you, you try too hard to look not quite as desperate". I'm hanging on.
 But I still know the way to make your makeup run. Brothers and sisters put this record down Take my advice ('cause we are bad news)
 We will leave you high and dry
 It's not worth the hearing you'll lose
 It's just past 8 and I'm feeling young and reckless The ribbon on my wrist says, "Do not open before Christmas." Brothers and sisters, yeah, put these words down Into your notebook (spit lines like these) We're friends when you're on your knees
 Make them dance like we were shooting their feet It's just past 8 and I'm feeling young and reckless The ribbon on my wrist says, "Do not open before Christmas. You only hold me up like this Cause you don't know who I really am
 Sometimes I just want to know what it's like to be you We're making out inside crashed cars
 We're sleeping through all our memories
 I used to waste my time dreaming of being alive (now I only waste it dreaming of you) You only hold me up like this Cause you don't know who I really am
 I used to waste my time on
 Waste my time on
 Waste my time dreaming of being alive (now I only waste it dreaming of you) She says she's no good with words but I'm worse Barely stuttered out a joke of a romantic stuck to my tongue Weighed down with words too over-dramatic Tonight it's "It can't get much worse"
 Vs. "No one should ever feel like..."
 I'm two quarters and a heart down
 And I don't want to forget how your voice sounds These words are all I have so I'll write them So you need them just to get by You always fold just before you're found out Drink up it's last call,
 Last resort
 But only the first mistake and I Am I more than you bargained for yet?
 I've been dying to tell you anything you want to hear 'Cause that's just who I am this week
 Lie in the grass, next to the mausoleum
 I'm just a notch in your bedpost
 But you're just a line in a song
 (A notch in your bedpost, but you're just a line in a song) Drop a heart, break a name
 We're always sleeping in, and sleeping for the wrong team Is this more than you bargained for yet?
 Oh don't mind me I'm watching you two from the closet Wishing to be the friction in your jeans
 Isn't it messed up how I'm just dying to be him?
 I'm just a notch in your bedpost
 But you're just a line in a song
 (Notch in your bedpost, but you're just a line in a song) I'll keep my jealousy close, 'Cause it's all mine.
 And if you say this makes you happy,
 Then I'm not the only one lying. Please put the doctor on the phone cause I'm not making any sense Blame everyone but me for this mess
 And my back has been breaking from this heavy heart We never seemed so far
 I'm hopelessly hopeful, you're just hopeless enough But we never had it at all Joke me something awful just like kisses on the necks of "best friends"
 We're the kids who feel like dead ends
 And I want to be known for my hits, not just my misses I took a shot and didn't even come close
 At trust and love and hope
 And the poets are just kids who didn't make it And never had it at all I'm sleeping my way out of this one With anyone who will lie down
 I'll be stuck fixated on one star
 When the world is crashing down
 I keep telling myself
 I keep telling myself
 I'm not the desperate type
 But you've got me looking in through blinds I keep telling myself
 I keep telling myself
 I'm not the desperate type The only thing worse than not knowing Is you thinking that I don't know
 I'm having another episode
 I just need a stronger dose Are we growing up or just going down?
 It's just a matter of time until we're all found out Take our tears and put them on ice
 Cause I swear I'd burn this city down to show you the light We're the therapists pumping through your speakers Delivering just what you need
 We're well read and poised
 We're the best boys
 We're the chemists who've found the formula To make your heart swell and burst
 No matter what they say, don't believe a word Cause I'll keep singing this lie if you'll keep believing it I'll keep singing this lie
 I'll keep singing this lie We're traveled like gypsies Only with worse luck and far less gold
 We're the kids you used to love
 But then we grew old
 We're the lifers here till the bitter end Condemned from the start
 Ashamed of the way
 The songs and the words own the beating of our hearts Cause I'll keep singing this lie
 I'll keep singing this lie You are a getaway car, a rush of blood to the head But me, I'm just the covers on top of your bed You steer away in a rear view mirror, you make my head swim I keep you warm and won't ask you where you've been With your backless black dress soaked to the skin When it's said and done they're all scrambling And we're friends, yeah we're friends
 Just because we move units The sounds of this small town make my ears hurt Oh yeah, you caught me. But I caught you one worse They say, "You want a war? You've got a war."
 But who are you fighting for?
 The tides out, the ship's run aground
 We drown traitors in shallow water
 With your backless black dress soaked to the skin When it's said and done they're all scrambling And we're friends, yeah we're friends
 Just because we move units I found the cure to growing older And you're the only place that feels like home Just so you know, you'll never know
 And some secrets weren't meant to be told But I found the cure to growing older
 I'm the first kid to write of hearts, lies, and friends And I am sorry my conscience called in sick again And I've got arrogance down to a science
 Oh, and I'm the first kid to write of hearts, lies, and friends, now Find a safe place, brace yourself, bite your lips I'm sending your fingernails and empty bottles you've sipped Back to your family 'cause I know you will be missed So you can find a safe place, brace yourself They call kids like us vicious and carved out of stone But for what we've become, we just feel more alone Always weigh what I've lost against what I left So progress report: I am missing you to death I confess, I messed up Dropping "I'm sorry" like you're still around And I know you dressed up
 "Hey kid you'll never live this down"
 And you're just the girl all the boys want to dance with And I'm just the boy using too many chances I'm sleeping on your folk's porch again, dreaming She said, she said, she said, "Why don't you just drop dead?" Write me off, give up on me 'Cause darling, what did you expect?
 I'm just off a lost cause
 A long shot, don't even take this bet
 You can make all the moves, you can aim all the spotlights Get all the sighs and the moans just right This has been said so many times that I'm not sure if it matters We never stood a chance
 And I'm not sure if it matters
 If you are the shores, I am the waves begging for big moons I’m mailing letters to addresses in a ghost town (your secret's out) I comb the crowd and pick you out My mouth moves too fast for you to figure it out It starts eyes closed to fingers crossed
 "To I swear, I say"
 "To I swear, I say"
 To hands between legs, to "whatever it takes"
 To drinks at the club to the bar
 To the keys to your car
 To hotel stairs to the emergency exit door Last summer we took threes across the board But by fall we were a cover story "now in stores"
 Make us poster boys for your scene
 But we are not making an acceptance speech I found the safest place to keep all our old mistakes Every dot com's refreshing for a journal update  I can take your problems away with a nod and a wave Of my hand, 'cause that's just the kind of boy that I am The only thing I haven't done yet is die
 And it's me and my plus one at the afterlife Crowds are won and lost and won again
 But our hearts beat for the diehards Baby, seasons change but people don't.
 And I'll always be waiting in the back room.
 I'm boring but overcompensate with
 Headlines and flash, flash, flash photography.
 But don't pretend you ever forgot about me.
 Don't pretend you ever forgot about me. They say your head can be a prison.
 Then these are just conjugal visits.
 People will dissect us till
 This doesn't mean a thing anymore. I am an arms dealer Fitting you with weapons in the form of words And don't really care which side wins
 As long as the room keeps singing
 That's just the business I'm in, yeah
 This ain't a scene, it's a goddamned arms race This ain't a scene, it's a goddamned arms race This ain't a scene, it's a goddamned arms race I'm not a shoulder to cry on
 But I digress I wrote the gospel on giving up (You look pretty sinking)
 But the real bombshells have already sunk (Prima donnas of the gutter)
 At night we're painting your trash gold while you sleep Crashing not like hips or cars,
 No, more like p-p-p-parties Last year's wishes Are this year's apologies
 Every last time I come home
 I take my last chance
 To burn a bridge or two
 I only keep myself this sick in the head
 Cause I know how the words get you (off)
 We're the new face of failure
 Prettier and younger but not any better off Bullet proof loneliness
 At best, at best Collect the bad habits
 That you couldn't bare to keep
 Out of the woods but I love
 A tree I used to lay beneath
 Kissed teeth stained red
 From a sour bottle baby girl
 With eyes the size of baby worlds It's all a game of this or that, now versus then better off against worse for wear
 And you're someone who knows someone who knows someone I once knew And I just want to be a part of this
 The road outside my house is paved with good intentions Hired a construction crew, 'cause it's hell on the engine You are the dreamer and we are the dream.
 I could write it better than you ever felt it. My words are my faith to hell with our good name.
 A remix of your guts-your insides X-rayed And one day we'll get nostalgic for disaster we're a bull, your ears are just a china shop I love you in the same way, there's a chapel in a hospital One foot in your bedroom and one foot out the door Sometimes we take chances, sometimes we take pills.
 I could write it better than you ever felt it. How cruel is the golden rule?
 When the lives we lived are only golden-plated And I knew that the lights of the city were too heavy for me Though I carried karats for everyone to see Tongues on the sockets of electric dreams Where the sewage of youth drowned the spark of my teens And I knew that the lights of the city were too heavy for me (too heavy for me) Though I carried karats for everyone to see (everyone to see) I'm gonna make you bend and break (it sent you to me without wings)
 Say a prayer but let the good times roll
 In case God doesn't show
 (let the good times roll, let the good times roll) And I want these words to make things right But it's the wrongs that make the words come to life "Who does he think he is?"
 If that's the worst you got
 Better put your fingers back to the keys Been looking forward to the future But my eyesight is going bad
 And this crystal ball
 Is always cloudy except for (except for)
 When you look into the past (look into the past) One night stand (one night stand off) A penny for your thoughts but a dollar for your insights Or a fortune for your disaster
 I'm just a painter and I'm drawing a blank We only want to sing you to sleep
 In your bedroom speakers, whoa
 We need umbrellas on the inside
 Get me just right I could learn to pity fools as I'm the worst of all And I can't stop feeling sorry for myself Whoa I'm a stitch away from making it
 And a scar away from falling apart, apart Blood cells pixelate
 And eyes dilate
 And the full moon pills got me out on the street at night Oh Put love on hold,
 Young Hollywood is on the other line
 Her nose runs ruby red, deaths in a double bed Singing songs that could only catch the ear of the desperate We take sour sips from life's lush lips And we shake, shake, shake the hips in relationships Stomp out this disaster town
 You'll put your eyes to the sun and say, "I know you're only blinding to keep back what the clouds are hiding."
 And we might've started singing just a little soon We're throwing stones at a glass moon We keep the beat with your blistered feet And we bullet the words at the mockingbirds singing Slept through the weekend and dreaming
 Of sinking with the melody of the cliffs of eternity Got postcards from my former selves saying: "How've you been?" I wrote a goodbye note in lipstick on your arm When you passed out
 I couldn't bring myself to call
 Except to call it quits Come hell or high water Well I'm feeling hot and wet
 I can't commit to a thing
 Be it heart or hospital The tombstones were waiting They were half-engraved
 They knew it was over
 Just didn't know the date
 And I cast a spell over the west to make you think of me The same way I think of you
 This is a love song in my own way
 Happily ever after below the waist I'm a preacher sweating in the pews For the salvation I'm bringing you
 I'm a salesman, I'm selling you hooks and plans And myself making demands I am God's gift but why would he bless me with Such wit without a conscience equipped
 I'm addicted to the way I feel when I think of you, woah "There's too much green to feel blue" The D.A. is dressed to the nines In the mirror he practices all his lines
 To his closing argument twelve hearts beat in favor I'm guessing that he read the morning paper The headline reads "the man hangs", but the jury doesn't And everyone's looking for relief
 United States versus disbelief
 Mothers cast tears on both sides of the aisle Clear your throat and face the world
 The verdict falls like bachelors for bad luck girls Only breathing with the aid of denial. He glances at his peers sitting seven to twelve stacked On one to six the gallery is hushed
 Boys in three pieces dream of grandstanding and bravado The city sleeps in a cell notwithstanding what we all know Hang on a rope or bated breath
 Whichever you prefer You're a canary, I'm a coal mine Cause sorrow is just all the rage
 Take one for the team
 You all know what I mean
 And I'm so sorry, but not really
 Tell the boys where to find my body
 New York eyes, Chicago thighs
 Pushed up the window to kiss you off Do you remember the way I held your hand?
 Under the lamp post and ran home
 This way so many times
 I could close my eyes
 